### Problem:
<p>Esoteric languages are pretty hard to program, but it&apos;s fairly interesting to write interpreters for them!</p>
<p>Your task is to write a method which will interpret Befunge-93 code! Befunge-93 is a language in which the code is presented not as a series of instructions, but as instructions scattered on a 2D plane; your pointer <strong>starts at the top-left corner</strong> and defaults to <strong>moving right</strong> through the code. Note that the instruction pointer <strong>wraps</strong> around the screen! There is a singular stack which we will assume is unbounded and only contain integers. While Befunge-93 code is supposed to be restricted to 80x25, you need not be concerned with code size. Befunge-93 supports the following instructions (from <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Befunge" target="_blank">Wikipedia</a>):</p>
<ul>
<li><code>0-9</code> Push this number onto the stack.</li>
<li><code>+</code> Addition: Pop <code>a</code> and <code>b</code>, then push <code>a+b</code>.</li>
<li><code>-</code> Subtraction: Pop <code>a</code> and <code>b</code>, then push <code>b-a</code>.</li>
<li><code>*</code> Multiplication: Pop <code>a</code> and <code>b</code>, then push <code>a*b</code>.</li>
<li><code>/</code> Integer division: Pop <code>a</code> and <code>b</code>, then push <code>b/a</code>, rounded down. If <code>a</code> is zero, push zero.</li>
<li><code>%</code> Modulo: Pop <code>a</code> and <code>b</code>, then push the <code>b%a</code>. If <code>a</code> is zero, push zero.</li>
<li><code>!</code>    Logical NOT: Pop a value. If the value is zero, push <code>1</code>; otherwise, push zero.</li>
<li><code>`</code> (backtick) Greater than: Pop <code>a</code> and <code>b</code>, then push <code>1</code> if <code>b&gt;a</code>, otherwise push zero.</li>
<li><code>&gt;</code> Start moving right.</li>
<li><code>&lt;</code> Start moving left.</li>
<li><code>^</code> Start moving up.</li>
<li><code>v</code> Start moving down.</li>
<li><code>?</code> Start moving in a random cardinal direction.</li>
<li><code>_</code> Pop a value; move right if <code>value = 0</code>, left otherwise.</li>
<li><code>|</code> Pop a value; move down if <code>value = 0</code>, up otherwise.</li>
<li><code>&quot;</code> Start string mode: push each character&apos;s ASCII value all the way up to the next <code>&quot;</code>.</li>
<li><code>:</code> Duplicate value on top of the stack. If there is nothing on top of the stack, push a <code>0</code>.</li>
<li><code>\</code> Swap two values on top of the stack. If there is only one value, pretend there is an extra <code>0</code> on bottom of the stack.</li>
<li><code>$</code> Pop value from the stack and discard it.</li>
<li><code>.</code> Pop value and output as an integer.</li>
<li><code>,</code> Pop value and output the ASCII character represented by the integer code that is stored in the value.</li>
<li><code>#</code> Trampoline: Skip next cell.</li>
<li><code>p</code> A &quot;put&quot; call (a way to store a value for later use). Pop <code>y</code>, <code>x</code> and <code>v</code>, then change the character at the position <code>(x,y)</code> in the program to the character with ASCII value <code>v</code>.</li>
<li><code>g</code> A &quot;get&quot; call (a way to retrieve data in storage). Pop <code>y</code> and <code>x</code>, then push ASCII value of the character at that position in the program.</li>
<li><code>@</code> End program.</li>
<li><code></code> (i.e. a space)    No-op. Does nothing.</li>
</ul>
<p>The above list is slightly modified: you&apos;ll notice if you look at the Wikipedia page that we do not use the user input instructions and dividing by zero simply yields zero.</p>
<p>Here&apos;s an example:</p>
<pre><code>&gt;987v&gt;.v
v456&lt;  :
&gt;321 ^ _@</code></pre><p>will create the output <code>123456789</code>.</p>
<p>So what you must do is create a function such that when you pass in the Befunge code, the function returns the output that would be generated by the code. So, for example:</p>
<pre><code>&quot;123456789&quot;.equals(new BefungeInterpreter().interpret(&quot;&gt;987v&gt;.v\nv456&lt;  :\n&gt;321 ^ _@&quot;)</code></pre><p>This test case will be added for you.</p>

### Solution